- Most Spring projects require quite a few dependencies
and libraries, and a lot of initial configuration.
Luckily for us, the folks at Spring
created "Spring Boot" and it allows us
to quickly ramp up a project by using
the Spring Initializr.
So, the Spring Initializr allows us to define
the different technology's and different parameters
of our project, and then it simply hands us
our project configuration.
So Spring Batch is no different, quite a few libraries
little bit of initial configuration.
Using Spring Boot we can quickly
get started with a Spring Batch project
without all the hassle of setting things up.
So, here you see the Spring Initializr
it's found at start.spring.io, and within this form
we're simply going to define
our initial project configuration.
We're going to be using Maven, in order to package
and build our application
and it's also going to be Java based.
You'll notice that we're using Spring Boot version 2.2.5
and then a little bit lower on the form
we're going to get into the configuration
specific to our project.
So, here it's asking for our Maven coordinates
and we need to provide a group ID for our project
which is going to be com.linkedin
and then we need to specify the artifact name
and our artifact name is going to be linkedin-batch
and then we're going to add our chapter and lesson number
as a suffix to that artifact name.
Now you'll want to expand the options, and within here
we can provide some additional configuration
so the name is going to be the name of our main class
within the application, so I'm going to go ahead
and remove that suffix, so that it doesn't appear
within our class name, and then we'll go ahead
and change our description, we'll say this is
a simple Batch application, and then here
we'll want to adjust our package name
in order to be a little bit more simple.
So, we're going to make our package name
and this is where our classes will be packaged
within the app.
We want to make that com.linkedin.batch
and then, very important you'll want
the Jar packaging as well as Java 11.
Then, scrolling down on this form you'll see
this area, search dependencies to add
and here's where we can specify
the different Spring projects that we would like to include
within our application.
So, once we select a Spring project
there's going to be a starter dependency added to our palm
and Spring Boot is intelligent enough
to pull in the right versions of the different libraries
and apply some initial configurations
that get us ramped up extremely quickly.
We know we're going to want Spring Batch
so we'll just search for Batch
and there you can see it appears
just click on the + button, and it will get added
to your project, and then from there
we're also going to initially use
an in memory database H2, just for out first
run of a Batch application.
Once we have those, click on generate
and this is going to allow us to download
our pre-configured project within a zip file.
So, on my desktop I've built my eclipse work space
and in here I'm going to go ahead and save
that zip file containing the project
and then I'm going to open the file system
navigate to my desktop, and within the workspace
I'm just going to go ahead and extract this project
and here you can see all of the generated configuration
and code, that Spring Initializr provided.
Now we can head over to Eclipse and I'm going to import
that project as a Maven project.
so just click on file import
and then you can just type Maven
and you'll see that we get the option to
import an existing Maven project
select that and hit next, and then we will browse
into our workspace, and go ahead and select our project
and once we've found it we can just
hit open and then finish.
And you'll see that our new Spring project
gets imported into Eclipse
and Eclipse is able to compile the project
and we're ready to go very quickly, right off the bat.
So, that completes the setup
of our first Spring Batch project.
You can see how easy Spring Boot made it
and it ensures that we have the right dependencies
and initial configuration in place for our project.